About Here and Back Travel

The view from our offices in New York City. 

Meet our friendly staff

When you call our office in New York City, you will be connected to one of our experienced, helpful and friendly staff members. This is Here and Back Travel.

ElaineElaine is the President and CEO of Here and Back Travel. She has 20 years experience in the travel industry and has traveled extensively to research the hotels and restaurants we recommend.

You may find her answering your phone calls or checking out a recommended hotel on Santorini.

Linda arranges all our organized tours to make traveling easy for those of you who like to have all the arrangements taken care of in advance. Linda is here to make your trip easy and restful so you can enjoy every minute.

Tours for people with special needs such as handicap access or special dietary needs are Linda's favorite to set up, so let Linda know if you have any personal requirements.

Jason is our transportation expert and will set you up with the best transportation arrangements including airlines, trains, shuttles, ferries, and even car, motorcycle and bike rentals.

In addition to making sure you have your schedule and all your tickets, Jason also provides help with baggage transfers so you luggage will be waiting when and where you need it.

Lin manages our local recommendations department. She researches the reputation of every local restaurant, store, hotel, spa or other business that we recommend to our customers. She listens to returning travelers comments our recommended local businesses.

You can expect to hear from Lin when you return from a trip you planned with us. She will want to know what you thought of the accomodations, food, and places that you visited.

Charlie is our do-it-all guy. He takes care of the business end of things. He maintains this web site. He's also experienced at helping people make travel plans and can step in to help when everyone else is busy.

Even though Charlie is good with numbers, he's also an avid hiker and can help you find some great walking trails in all our destinations.

Here and Back Travel
Contact Us
